# User Agreement

Thank you for using DeepLink. This agreement is a contract entered into between you and the administrator of this APP, and has the legal effect of a contract. Please read it carefully.

I. Disclaimer

1.1 When using this service, please ensure that the content you input does not infringe upon the rights and interests of others, does not involve harmful information or pornographic content, and at the same time does not input content related to politics, and all input content is legal and compliant.

1.2 If the platform discovers that you deliberately input the content mentioned in 1.1, guide the AI to generate harmful content and spread rumors, causing an impact on the company, we have the right to permanently ban your account and pursue relevant legal responsibilities.

1.3 You confirm and are aware that all the content generated by the current experience service is generated by the artificial intelligence model. Great Pixel does not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, and functionality of the generated content, and the generated content does not represent our attitude or views. The information sent by the AI model is generated by a computer and may be fictional. Please also use your own judgment to distinguish right from wrong. When you use this application to consult on medical, legal and other related issues, this application only provides medical advice and legal advice, and does not represent medical services, legal services or treatment. You must consult a doctor and relevant legal professionals before using this application, and you are ultimately responsible for medical and legal decisions. The information and services of this application should be for reference only and do not constitute medical advice, legal advice or treatment methods. We do not bear any responsibility arising from the use of this application.

1.4
Our service comes from the scope permitted by laws and regulations, including but not limited to the accumulation of information on the public Internet, etc., and has undergone continuous automatic and manual filtering of sensitive data. However, it still does not rule out that some of the information may have flaws, be unreasonable or cause discomfort. In case of relevant situations, you are welcome to provide feedback to us at any time through the email (599194993@qq.com) of this platform. We will attach great importance to your opinions and take timely and effective treatment measures, and at the same time express our sincere gratitude to you.

1.5 Before you agree to accept this statement, please strictly follow the content of the "User Agreement" for specific usage norms.

1.6 Whether you have actually read this statement or not, when you click to confirm and agree to this statement on the web page or actually use the service provided by this platform (“our side”), it means that you and our side have reached an agreement on this statement and agree to accept all the agreed content of this statement. If you do not agree to any content of this statement, or cannot accurately understand our interpretation of the terms of this statement, please click "Disagree" or stop using this service. Otherwise, it means that you have accepted all the terms and their applicable conditions stated in this statement and agree to be bound by this statement.

1.7 We respect and protect the personal privacy of you and all users who use this service. Here, we remind you: Please confirm that the content you input when using this service will not contain your personal information or that of others.

User Agreement

II. Content, Effectiveness, and Amendment of This Agreement

The content of this agreement includes the main text of the agreement and all kinds of rules that have been or may be published by this APP in the future. All rules are an integral part of this agreement and have the same legal effect as the main text of the agreement. If you have any questions about the agreement, you should consult this APP. You can become an official user of this site only after agreeing to all the terms of the agreement and completing the registration process. After you click the "Agree and Accept" button, this agreement will come into effect and be binding on both parties.
As long as you use the services of this APP platform, this agreement will be binding on you. At that time, you should not claim that this agreement is invalid or request to revoke this agreement on the grounds that you have not read the content of this agreement or have not obtained the answers to your inquiries from this APP. You confirm that: The terms of this agreement are a contract for handling the rights and obligations of both parties and are always valid. In case of mandatory provisions of the law or special agreements between the two parties, it shall be handled in accordance with such provisions. You promise to accept and abide by the agreements of this agreement. If you do not agree to the agreements of this agreement, you should immediately stop the registration process or stop using the services of this APP platform. This APP has the right to formulate and modify this agreement and/or various rules from time to time as needed and publicize them on the APP platform without separately notifying users. Once the changed agreement and rules are published on the website, they will come into effect immediately. If you do not agree to the relevant changes, you should immediately stop using the services of this APP platform. If you continue to use the services of this APP platform, it means that you accept the revised agreement and rules.

II. Registration

Users with registration qualifications must be natural persons, legal persons or other organizations with the corresponding legal capacity for rights and capacity for conduct, and be able to independently bear legal responsibilities. When you complete the registration process or actually use the services of this platform in other ways agreed by this APP platform, it shall be deemed that you confirm that you have the subject qualification and can independently bear legal responsibilities. If you do not have the subject qualification and all consequences resulting therefrom shall be borne by you and your guardian.

2.1
Users should provide registration information to this site in good faith on their own. Users agree that the registration information they provide is true, accurate, complete, legal and valid. If there are changes in the user's registration information, they should update their registration information in a timely manner. If the registration information provided by the user is illegal, untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, the user shall bear the corresponding responsibilities and consequences arising therefrom, and this APP reserves the right to terminate the user's use of various services of this platform.

2.2 When users conduct activities such as browsing on this site, if it involves private information such as the user's real name/title, mailing address, contact phone number, and email address, this site will keep it strictly confidential. Unless authorized by the user or otherwise stipulated by law, this site will not disclose the user's private information to the outside world.

III. Account

3.1 After you successfully register by logging in with WeChat or logging in with a device (iOS), you will hold the account information with a unique number on this APP platform.

3.2
You should carefully and reasonably save and use your login account information and be responsible for the actions implemented through your account information. Unless there are legal provisions or judicial rulings and with the consent of this APP, user information shall not be transferred, gifted or inherited in any way (except for property rights and interests related to the account). Users shall not lend the accounts obtained by registering on this site to others for use. Otherwise, users shall bear all the responsibilities arising therefrom and bear joint and several liabilities with the actual users.

3.3
If you discover any illegal use or other situations that may endanger the security of your account, you should immediately notify this APP in an effective way to request the suspension of relevant services and report to the public security organs. You understand that it takes a reasonable time for this APP to take action on your request, and this APP does not bear any responsibility for the consequences (including but not limited to any losses of yours) that have already occurred before taking action.

IV. Reasonable Use of User Information

4.1 You understand and agree that this APP has the right to provide necessary information such as the registration information and transaction records filled in by you on this APP platform to the national judicial, administrative and other competent departments upon their request. If you are suspected of infringing on the intellectual property rights of others, this APP also has the right to provide your necessary identity information to the right holders under the preliminary judgment that the suspected infringement exists.

4.2 Users agree that this APP has the right to use the user's registration information, user name and other information to log in to the user's registered account for evidence preservation, including but not limited to notarization, witnessing, etc.

V. Service Use Agreement

5.1 You promise to use this service strictly in accordance with this statement and will not use this service to conduct any illegal or improper activities, or publish, transmit or share information containing any of the following contents:

(1) Opposing the basic principles established by the Constitution;

(2) Endangering national security, disclosing state secrets, subverting state power, and destroying national unity;

(3) Damaging national honor and interests;

(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, and destroying ethnic unity;

(5) Destroying the state's religious policies, promoting cults and feudal superstitions;

(6) Spreading rumors, disturbing social order, and destroying social stability;

(7) Spreading pornographic, erotic, gambling, violent, murderous, terrorist or instigating criminal content;

(8) Insulting or slandering others and infringing on the legitimate rights of others;

(9) Containing false, fraudulent, harmful, coercive, infringing on others' privacy, harassing, infringing, slandering, vulgar, obscene, or other morally offensive content;

(10) Containing other contents restricted or prohibited by the laws, regulations, rules, regulations applicable in China or the country where you are located and any norms with legal effect.
You should conduct necessary reviews on whether the use of this service complies with laws and regulations, and you shall bear all the responsibilities arising therefrom. You confirm and agree that our side will not bear any responsibility due to this service or your use of this service violating the above agreements.

5.2 You should conduct necessary reviews on whether the use of this service complies with the relevant provisions of laws and regulations. You yourself will bear all the responsibilities arising therefrom. You confirm and agree that our side will not bear any responsibility due to this service or your use of this service violating the above agreements.

5.3 When using this service, you shall not infringe on the rights and interests of others (including but not limited to intellectual property rights such as copyright, patent rights, trademark rights, portrait rights and other rights and interests). At the same time, you agree and promise that the text content provided and used by you when using this service has obtained sufficient, necessary and effective legal licenses and authorizations.

5.4 You agree and promise that when using this service, you will not disclose any confidential, sensitive or personal privacy information.

5.5 You understand and agree that this service is only in the experience and trial stage and is still incomplete. Our side does not make any commitments regarding the availability and reliability of any service. Our side does not bear any responsibility for your use of this service or the results of this service, and the results of this service do not represent our position.

5.6 Our side has the right to change the content and/or the provision method of this service at any time due to business development or changes in laws and regulations, and can also suspend or terminate this service. You agree that our side will not bear any responsibility for any consequences caused by the above situations to you or third parties.

5.7 Under any circumstances, our side will not bear any responsibility for any direct, indirect, consequential, punitive, accidental, special damages (including but not limited to the loss of profits suffered by you when using this service) arising from this service (even if you have been informed in advance of the possibility of such damages).

5.8 If you violate any agreements of this statement, our side has the right to terminate this statement unilaterally at any time, and our side does not need to bear any responsibility. At the same time, our side has the right to claim compensation from you according to the actual losses.

5.9 Unless otherwise agreed by both parties, the interpretation and application of this statement and the disputes related to this statement shall be handled in accordance with the laws of the People's Republic of China (excluding conflict of laws) and be under the jurisdiction of the people's court with jurisdiction in the place where our side is located. 